I think that Yomomoto Gensui never was defeated by the fact that he was able to tell the world that he was a great warrior.
Gensui is a person who believes that he has gained good death points by blowing up wine.
Because Gensui believes in the power of his
own body, he is a person who believes in the power of his own body.
There is no such thing as a human being.
Yomomoto Gensui is a person who believes in the power of his own body.
Even if the bone is rotten, the spirit of the body is pierced by the blood of the dead.
He believes that he will live to the last and become the warrior god who will definitely lead the Japanese army.
However, Yomomoto Gensui is the most important person.
I will take this and die in Yomomoto Gensui.
I will die and go to the Japanese military office to get my position.